docs(appium): update migration guide more (#17770)
appium/appium: packages/appium/docs/en/guides/migrating-1-to-2.md

- `appium:noReset`
- `appium:deviceName`

> This requirement may or may not be a breaking change for your test suites when targeting Appium 2.0. If you're using an updated Appium client (at least maintained by Appium team ones), the client will add the `appium:` prefix for you on all necessary capabilities automatically. [New versions of the Appium Inspector tool](https://github.com/appium/appium-inspector) will also do this. Cloud-based Appium providers may also do this. So simply be aware that if you get any messages to the effect that your capabilities lack a vendor prefix, this is how you solve that problem.

Reviewer: at least one maintained by the Appium team

> This requirement may or may not be a breaking change for your test suites when targeting Appium 2.0. If you're using an updated Appium client (at least one maintained by the Appium team), the client will add the `appium:` prefix for you on all necessary capabilities automatically. [New versions of the Appium Inspector tool](https://github.com/appium/appium-inspector) will also do this. Cloud-based Appium providers may also do this. So simply be aware that if you get any messages to the effect that your capabilities lack a vendor prefix, this is how you solve that problem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This requirement may or may not be a breaking change for your test suites when targeting Appium 2.0. If you're using an updated Appium client (at least one maintained by the Appium team), the client will add the `appium:` prefix for you on all necessary capabilities automatically. New versions of [Appium Inspector](https://github.com/appium/appium-inspector) will also do this. Cloud-based Appium providers may also do this. So simply be aware that if you get any messages to the effect that your capabilities lack a vendor prefix, this is how you solve that problem.
```

}
```

> (Of course, each client will have a different way of creating structured capabilities like `appium:options` or other ones that you might have seen such as `goog:chromeOptions`). NB: capabilities that show up in `appium:options` will overwrite capabilities of the same name that show up at the top level of the object. (The new `appium:options` syntax support in cloud providers may varay.)

Reviewer: by cloud provides

> (Of course, each client will have a different way of creating structured capabilities like `appium:options` or other ones that you might have seen such as `goog:chromeOptions`). NB: capabilities that show up in `appium:options` will overwrite capabilities of the same name that show up at the top level of the object. (The new `appium:options` syntax support by cloud providers may varay.)

Reviewer: typo: may vary

### :warning: Appium Inspector split out from Appium Desktop

> The inspecting portion of Appium Desktop has been moved to its own app, Appium Inspector: [github.com/appium/appium-inspector](https://github.com/appium/appium-inspector). It's fully compatible with Appium 2.0 servers. Simply download it and run it on its own. You no longer need the GUI Appium Desktop server to inspect apps. The Appium Desktop server will continue to be supported at its original site: [github.com/appium/appium-desktop](https://github.com/appium/appium-desktop). It will simply no longer bundle the Inspector with it. Note that the Appium-Desktop 1.21 and lower versions depend on the deprecated [WD](https://github.com/admc/wd) client. It means the old one will not work for Appium 2.0.

Reviewer: It means the old Appium Desktop app is not compatible to Appium 2.0

> The inspecting portion of Appium Desktop has been moved to its own app, Appium Inspector: [github.com/appium/appium-inspector](https://github.com/appium/appium-inspector). It's fully compatible with Appium 2.0 servers. Simply download it and run it on its own. You no longer need the GUI Appium Desktop server to inspect apps. The Appium Desktop server will continue to be supported at its original site: [github.com/appium/appium-desktop](https://github.com/appium/appium-desktop). It will simply no longer bundle the Inspector with it. Note that the old Appium-Desktop's inspector feature depends on the deprecated [WD](https://github.com/admc/wd) client. It means the old one will not work for Appium 2.0.

Reviewer: `Appium-Desktop's inspector feature` not sure what the `feature` is in that context

Author: i meant AD 1.21 and lower ones. The inspector uses WD. I saw a few times users used the old one for Appium 2, and failed to create a new session as no-w3c support

> The inspecting portion of Appium Desktop has been moved to its own app, Appium Inspector: [github.com/appium/appium-inspector](https://github.com/appium/appium-inspector). It's fully compatible with Appium 2.0 servers. Simply download it and run it on its own. You no longer need the GUI Appium Desktop server to inspect apps. The Appium Desktop server will continue to be supported at its original site: [github.com/appium/appium-desktop](https://github.com/appium/appium-desktop). It will simply no longer bundle the Inspector with it. Note that the Appium-Desktop 1.21 and lower versions depend on the deprecated [WD](https://github.com/admc/wd) client. It means the old Appium Desktop application is not compatible to Appium 2.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The inspecting portion of Appium Desktop has been moved to its own app, Appium Inspector: [github.com/appium/appium-inspector](https://github.com/appium/appium-inspector). It's fully compatible with Appium 2.0 servers. Simply download it and run it on its own. You no longer need the GUI Appium Desktop server to inspect apps. The Appium Desktop server will continue to be supported at its original site: [github.com/appium/appium-desktop](https://github.com/appium/appium-desktop). It will simply no longer bundle the Inspector with it. Note that Appium Desktop 1.21 and lower versions depend on the deprecated [WD](https://github.com/admc/wd) client, and are not compatible with Appium 2.0. There is currently no Appium 2.0 support for Appium Desktop planned, now that the Inspector is a standalone app.
```
